Throughout this course, you'll complete several guided labs.
These labs are meant to give you an opportunity to practice your newly learned skills in an
environment where you can get help and feedback as you complete coding challenges.
This video will describe how to complete the guided labs in this course.
We will explore a guided lab together so that you'll know what to expect when you come to
one later in the course.
First, let's check the content leading up to a guided lab.
This structured content ensures that you have exactly the skills you need to complete the
task.
In this instance, there is a practical application video that describes in detail how this concept
is used in real-world situations.
Following this practical application video, you can review a reading that explains the
concept in detail so you can go through this content at your own pace.
Next, you'll find a video that works through the guided lab itself.
This video won't give you all the answers to the guided lab, but it will provide an
overview of the upcoming questions and challenges.
Lastly, we come to the guided lab itself.
The guided lab is a simulated code environment where you can experiment with code and receive
hints and feedback in a realistic coding situation.
To start, I'll click start.
In this lab, step one is an introduction to if-else statements, so I'll click begin.
Below the simulated code environment, I can find the specific instructions for this lab.
Declare the variable age as type int.
Place your cursor in the line 2, type your answer, and select enter to check your work.
Alright, I think I know this one.
I'm going to type in int and hit enter.
Great, I got that correct, and I got a bit of feedback about my correct answer.
To move on, I click continue.
In these instructions say, prompt the user to enter their age, place your cursor in the
line 4, type your answer, and select enter to check your work.
This one is a little trickier.
Let me try type your age.
Got it.
This feedback for my wrong answer points me in the right direction.
Let's try that again.
I'm going to erase what I had here, and then enter your age.
Perfect.
I'll click continue.
Let's try one more.
Convert the input to an integer using int.parse and store it in the age variable.
Place your cursor in the line 6, type your answer, and select enter to check your work.
Hmm, I'm not totally sure here, so I'm going to click on hint and get some help.
And the hint says, use console.readline, and then an open and close parentheses, display
a message asking their user for their age.
Great, that helps.
I'm going to click continue and type in console.readline, and I've got it.
That's how you work through a guided lab.
Some questions will require more complex code to complete, so make sure you're using the
hint function when you need it and reviewing the feedback provided for your right and
wrong answers.
Have fun completing these coding challenges that put your new skills to work.